{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue83;\red56\green110\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\qc

\f0\fs24 \cf2 Don't miss next Tuesday\'92s Special Lecture at the UC Berkeley School of Information:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qc
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ischool.berkeley.edu/newsandevents/events/20131112warstoriesfromtechpolicy"}}{\fldrslt 
\b\fs28 \cf3 War Stories from Tech Policy: Backdoor mandates, the cryptapocalypse, and license plates for drones}}\
With 
\b Joseph Lorenzo Hall, Chief Technologist, The Center for Democracy & Technology
\b0 \
\
Tuesday, November 12, 2013, 11:40 am - 1:00 pm\
202 South Hall\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240
\cf2 Increasingly, policy-making in Washington, D.C., involves high technology, especially computing devices and networks. As a staff technologist, I work on issues of technology policy and digital rights at a non-profit think tank and advocacy organization in D.C., The Center for Democracy & Technology. I\'92ll explain what a staff technologist does through three examples from my work this past year. First, I\'92ll describe a technical report I coordinated that was authored by twenty of the world\'92s top computer security and cryptography experts. The report argued that an FBI-lead effort to mandate backdoors in communications software \'97 \'93CALEA II\'94 \'97 was unwise and would be ineffective. Second, much of encryption used online was cast in doubt this September when documents leaked by Edward Snowden exposed a systematic effort by the U.S. National Security Agency to subvert encryption software, hardware, standards, and implementations. I\'92ll describe how we\'92ve engaged with standard setting entities, executive branch oversight mechanisms, and Congress to advocate for security and privacy through strong encryption. Finally, drones hold great promise for applications that require cheap data collection from an aerial platform; but drones also can be covert surveillance platforms. I\'92ll describe our efforts to develop a policy proposal for radio-frequency \'93license plates\'94 for drones that ground-based observers, other drones, and manned aircraft could use to monitor the position and activities of drones in the sky around them..}